feat: remove need for magic environment-wide string (#654)
honeycombio/terraform-provider-honeycombio: docs/resources/derived_column.md

The following arguments are supported:

* `dataset` - (Required) The dataset this derived column is added to. If not set, an Environment-wide derived column will be created.
* `alias` - (Required) The name of the derived column. Must be unique per dataset.

> * `expression` - (Required) The formula of the derived column. See [Derived Column Syntax](https://docs.honeycomb.io/working-with-your-data/customizing-your-query/derived-columns/#derived-column-syntax).

Author: ```suggestion
* `expression` - (Required) The formula of the derived column. See [Derived Column Syntax](https://docs.honeycomb.io/reference/derived-column-formula/syntax/).
```

> * `expression` - (Required) The formula of the derived column. See [Derived Column Syntax](https://docs.honeycomb.io/working-with-your-data/customizing-your-query/derived-columns/#derived-column-syntax).

Author: Ah, thank you! Updated
